# MsgVpnAuthenticationOauthProvider

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AudienceClaimName** | **string** | The audience claim name, indicating which part of the object to use for determining the audience. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**AudienceClaimSource** | **string** | The audience claim source, indicating where to search for the audience value. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;access-token\&quot; - The OAuth v2 access_token. \&quot;id-token\&quot; - The OpenID Connect id_token. \&quot;introspection\&quot; - The result of introspecting the OAuth v2 access_token. &lt;/pre&gt;  Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**AudienceClaimValue** | **string** | The required audience value for a token to be considered valid. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**AudienceValidationEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Indicates whether audience validation is enabled. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthenticationSuccessCount** | **int64** | The number of OAuth Provider client authentications that succeeded. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthorizationGroupClaimName** | **string** | The authorization group claim name, indicating which part of the object to use for determining the authorization group. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthorizationGroupClaimSource** | **string** | The authorization group claim source, indicating where to search for the authorization group name. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;access-token\&quot; - The OAuth v2 access_token. \&quot;id-token\&quot; - The OpenID Connect id_token. \&quot;introspection\&quot; - The result of introspecting the OAuth v2 access_token. &lt;/pre&gt;  Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthorizationGroupEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Indicates whether OAuth based authorization is enabled and the configured authorization type for OAuth clients is overridden. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**DisconnectOnTokenExpirationEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Indicates whether clients are disconnected when their tokens expire. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**Enabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Indicates whether OAuth Provider client authentication is enabled. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**JwksLastRefreshFailureReason** | **string** | The reason for the last JWKS public key refresh failure. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**JwksLastRefreshFailureTime** | **int32** | The timestamp of the last JWKS public key refresh failure. This value represents the number of seconds since 1970-01-01 00:00:00 UTC (Unix time). Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**JwksLastRefreshTime** | **int32** | The timestamp of the last JWKS public key refresh success. This value represents the number of seconds since 1970-01-01 00:00:00 UTC (Unix time). Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**JwksNextScheduledRefreshTime** | **int32** | The timestamp of the next scheduled JWKS public key refresh. This value represents the number of seconds since 1970-01-01 00:00:00 UTC (Unix time). Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**JwksRefreshFailureCount** | **int64** | The number of JWKS public key refresh failures. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**JwksRefreshInterval** | **int32** | The number of seconds between forced JWKS public key refreshing. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**JwksUri** | **string** | The URI where the OAuth provider publishes its JWKS public keys. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**LoginFailureIncorrectAudienceValueCount** | **int64** | The number of login failures due to an incorrect audience value. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**LoginFailureInvalidAudienceValueCount** | **int64** | The number of login failures due to an invalid audience value. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**LoginFailureInvalidAuthorizationGroupValueCount** | **int64** | The number of login failures due to an invalid authorization group value (zero-length or non-string). Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**LoginFailureInvalidJwtSignatureCount** | **int64** | The number of login failures due to an invalid JWT signature. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**LoginFailureInvalidUsernameValueCount** | **int64** | The number of login failures due to an invalid username value. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**LoginFailureMismatchedUsernameCount** | **int64** | The number of login failures due to a mismatched username. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**LoginFailureMissingAudienceCount** | **int64** | The number of login failures due to a missing audience claim. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**LoginFailureMissingJwkCount** | **int64** | The number of login failures due to a missing JSON Web Key (JWK). Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**LoginFailureMissingOrInvalidTokenCount** | **int64** | The number of login failures due to a missing or invalid token. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**LoginFailureMissingUsernameCount** | **int64** | The number of login failures due to a missing username. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**LoginFailureTokenExpiredCount** | **int64** | The number of login failures due to a token being expired. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**LoginFailureTokenIntrospectionErroredCount** | **int64** | The number of login failures due to a token introspection error response. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**LoginFailureTokenIntrospectionFailureCount** | **int64** | The number of login failures due to a failure to complete the token introspection. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**LoginFailureTokenIntrospectionHttpsErrorCount** | **int64** | The number of login failures due to a token introspection HTTPS error. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**LoginFailureTokenIntrospectionInvalidCount** | **int64** | The number of login failures due to a token introspection response being invalid. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**LoginFailureTokenIntrospectionTimeoutCount** | **int64** | The number of login failures due to a token introspection timeout. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**LoginFailureTokenNotValidYetCount** | **int64** | The number of login failures due to a token not being valid yet. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**LoginFailureUnsupportedAlgCount** | **int64** | The number of login failures due to an unsupported algorithm. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**MissingAuthorizationGroupCount** | **int64** | The number of clients that did not provide an authorization group claim value when expected. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**MsgVpnName** | **string** | The name of the Message VPN. Deprecated since 2.25. Replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**OauthProviderName** | **string** | The name of the OAuth Provider. Deprecated since 2.25. Replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**TokenIgnoreTimeLimitsEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Indicates whether to ignore time limits and accept tokens that are not yet valid or are no longer valid. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**TokenIntrospectionAverageTime** | **int32** | The one minute average of the time required to complete a token introspection, in milliseconds (ms). Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**TokenIntrospectionLastFailureReason** | **string** | The reason for the last token introspection failure. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**TokenIntrospectionLastFailureTime** | **int32** | The timestamp of the last token introspection failure. This value represents the number of seconds since 1970-01-01 00:00:00 UTC (Unix time). Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**TokenIntrospectionParameterName** | **string** | The parameter name used to identify the token during access token introspection. A standards compliant OAuth introspection server expects \&quot;token\&quot;. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**TokenIntrospectionSuccessCount** | **int64** | The number of token introspection successes. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**TokenIntrospectionTimeout** | **int32** | The maximum time in seconds a token introspection is allowed to take. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**TokenIntrospectionUri** | **string** | The token introspection URI of the OAuth authentication server. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**TokenIntrospectionUsername** | **string** | The username to use when logging into the token introspection URI. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**UsernameClaimName** | **string** | The username claim name, indicating which part of the object to use for determining the username. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**UsernameClaimSource** | **string** | The username claim source, indicating where to search for the username value. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;access-token\&quot; - The OAuth v2 access_token. \&quot;id-token\&quot; - The OpenID Connect id_token. \&quot;introspection\&quot; - The result of introspecting the OAuth v2 access_token. &lt;/pre&gt;  Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**UsernameValidateEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Indicates whether the API provided username will be validated against the username calculated from the token(s). Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

