# MsgVpnCertMatchingRuleCondition

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Attribute** | **string** | Client Username Attribute to be compared with certificate content. Either an attribute or an expression must be provided on creation, but not both. | [optional] [default to null]
**ComparisonMode** | **string** | The comparison mode to use. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;matches-attribute\&quot; - Certificate field matches an attribute value exactly. \&quot;matches-expression\&quot; - Certificate field matches a glob expression. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**Expression** | **string** | Glob expression to be matched with certificate content. Either an expression or an attribute must be provided on creation, but not both. | [optional] [default to null]
**MsgVpnName** | **string** | The name of the Message VPN. | [optional] [default to null]
**RuleName** | **string** | The name of the rule. | [optional] [default to null]
**Source** | **string** | Certificate field to be compared with the Attribute. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;certificate-thumbprint\&quot; - The attribute is computed as the SHA-1 hash over the entire DER-encoded contents of the client certificate. \&quot;common-name\&quot; - The attribute is extracted from the certificate&#x27;s first instance of the Common Name attribute in the Subject DN. \&quot;common-name-last\&quot; - The attribute is extracted from the certificate&#x27;s last instance of the Common Name attribute in the Subject DN. \&quot;subject-alternate-name-msupn\&quot; - The attribute is extracted from the certificate&#x27;s Other Name type of the Subject Alternative Name and must have the msUPN signature. \&quot;uid\&quot; - The attribute is extracted from the certificate&#x27;s first instance of the User Identifier attribute in the Subject DN. \&quot;uid-last\&quot; - The attribute is extracted from the certificate&#x27;s last instance of the User Identifier attribute in the Subject DN. \&quot;org-unit\&quot; - The attribute is extracted from the certificate&#x27;s first instance of the Org Unit attribute in the Subject DN. \&quot;org-unit-last\&quot; - The attribute is extracted from the certificate&#x27;s last instance of the Org Unit attribute in the Subject DN. \&quot;issuer\&quot; - The attribute is extracted from the certificate&#x27;s Issuer DN. \&quot;subject\&quot; - The attribute is extracted from the certificate&#x27;s Subject DN. \&quot;serial-number\&quot; - The attribute is extracted from the certificate&#x27;s Serial Number. \&quot;dns-name\&quot; - The attribute is extracted from the certificate&#x27;s Subject Alt Name DNSName. \&quot;ip-address\&quot; - The attribute is extracted from the certificate&#x27;s Subject Alt Name IPAddress. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

